README.md, before:

# Brain-BioAmp-Firmware
Firmware for Brain-BioAmp hardware from Upside Down Labs

| No. | Program| Description |
| ---- | ---- | ---- |
|1 | [FixedSampling](01-fixed-sampling)| Sample from ADC at a fixed rate for easy processing of signal.|
|2 | [EEGFilter](02-eeg-filter)| A 0.5 - 29.5 Hz band-pass filter sketch for clean Electroencephalography.|
|3 | [R4BCIFFT](03-bci-fft)| Displays live EEG bandpower on Serial Monitor of Arduino IDE.|
|4 | [R4BCILED](04-bci-led)| Controls an LED based on focus levels. (both R4 Minima and R4 WiFi can be used)|
|5 | [R4BCIToggle](05-bci-toggle)| Toggles the LED on/off using sustained focus for 4 seconds. (both R4 Minima and R4 WiFi can be used)|
|6 | [R4BCISpiral](06-bci-spiral)| Runs the spiral LED game based on focus. (Only R4 WiFi can be used)

## Examples

1. **EEG Filter**

    A band-pass filter for EEG signals between 0,5 Hz and 44.5 Hz 

    <img src="02-eeg-filter/eeg-filter.png" height="300" width="400">

2. **BCI FFT**

    Shows real-time EEG bandpower (Delta, Theta, Alpha, Beta, Gamma) on Arduino Serial Monitor

    <img src="03-bci-fft/bci-fft.png" height="360" width="640">

3. **BCI LED**

    Turns an LED on/off using focus (beta waves)

    <img src="04-bci-led/bci-led.jpg" height="360" width="640">

4. **BCI Toggle**

    Toggles LED with 4–5 sec focus for brain-controlled switching

    <img src="05-bci-toggle/bci-toggle.jpg" height="360" width="640">

5. **BCI Spiral Game**

    LED spiral grows with focus, shrinks when distracted—EEG-based game 

    <img src="06-bci-spiral/bci-spiral.jpg" height="360" width="640">

Commit message:

Add single channel EXG sketch for UNO R4

README.md, after:

# Brain-BioAmp-Firmware
Firmware for Brain-BioAmp hardware from Upside Down Labs

| No. | Program| Description |
| ---- | ---- | ---- |
|1 | [FixedSampling](01-fixed-sampling)| Sample from ADC at a fixed rate for easy processing of signal.|
|2 | [EEGFilter](02-eeg-filter)| A 0.5 - 29.5 Hz band-pass filter sketch for clean Electroencephalography.|
|3 | [R4BCIFFT](03-bci-fft)| Displays live EEG bandpower on Serial Monitor of Arduino IDE.|
|4 | [R4BCILED](04-bci-led)| Controls an LED based on focus levels. (both R4 Minima and R4 WiFi can be used)|
|5 | [R4BCIToggle](05-bci-toggle)| Toggles the LED on/off using sustained focus for 4 seconds. (both R4 Minima and R4 WiFi can be used)|
|6 | [R4BCISpiral](06-bci-spiral)| Runs the spiral LED game based on focus. (Only R4 WiFi can be used)|
|7 | [1ChEXG](07-1ch-exg)| Multi-modal biosignal demo: detects focus (EEG), blinks (EOG), and jaw clench (EMG). (Arduino R4 Minima and R4 WiFi)

## Examples

1. **Fixed Sampling**

    Samples from ADC at a fixed rate (125 Hz) for easy processing of EEG signals

2. **EEG Filter**

    A band-pass filter for EEG signals between 0,5 Hz and 44.5 Hz 

    <img src="02-eeg-filter/eeg-filter.png" height="300" width="400">

3. **BCI FFT**

    Shows real-time EEG bandpower (Delta, Theta, Alpha, Beta, Gamma) on Arduino Serial Monitor

    <img src="03-bci-fft/bci-fft.png" height="360" width="640">

4. **BCI LED**

    Turns an LED on/off using focus (beta waves)

    <img src="04-bci-led/bci-led.jpg" height="360" width="640">

5. **BCI Toggle**

    Toggles LED with 4–5 sec focus for brain-controlled switching

    <img src="05-bci-toggle/bci-toggle.jpg" height="360" width="640">

6. **BCI Spiral Game**

    LED spiral grows with focus, shrinks when distracted—EEG-based game 

    <img src="06-bci-spiral/bci-spiral.jpg" height="360" width="640">

7. **1-Channel EXG Demo**

    Multi-modal biosignal detection: focus detection (EEG beta waves), blink patterns (EOG), and jaw clenching (EMG) using ARM CMSIS-DSP
